silverware 5 handmaidens
silverware 8 antepatriarchal
resultance 9 synergy
resultance 4 antepatriarchal
resultance 3 saporous
excitive 2 saporous
sceptibly 7 clownheal
resultance 1 handmaidens
antepatriarchal 3 handmaidens
silverware 4 paltry
excitive 8 clownheal
resultance 2 silverware
handmaidens 2 sceptibly
antepatriarchal 4 paltry
excitive 9 paltry
synergy 1 clownheal
silverware 4 sceptibly
handmaidens 4 clownheal
excitive 2 handmaidens
synergy 8 handmaidens
antepatriarchal 7 saporous
synergy 5 paltry
antepatriarchal 1 clownheal
paltry 8 clownheal
resultance 4 paltry
synergy 10 saporous
sceptibly 10 paltry
handmaidens 2 paltry
silverware 8 clownheal
excitive 4 synergy
silverware 7 saporous
silverware 5 synergy
resultance 10 clownheal
saporous 1 paltry
silverware 5 excitive
